---
layout: single
classes: wide
title:  "Red-Teaming: Sektor7's Red Team Operator: Malware Development Essentials Course"
---

Write your own droppers and DLLs for injection!


## Finally, some hand holding on the subject!

Hello again! There do not appear to be many resources on the subject of this course which means that you have probably found this page while trying to find out if the course is worth taking or not. Well, I recently purchased the course (with the $20 discount that you automatically get when signing up for their newsletter) and have to say that there are both positives and negatives with the course. Hopefully a quick blog post with my explanation can help you determine if you want to dive in or not. 

First things first.... this is a basic course. When I say that it is a basic course, I mean that you will learn about maybe 10 Windows API functions and how they work together to acheive some simple encoding, encryption, and process injection. I was already relatively familiar with the concept of OpenProcess, VirtualAllocEx, WriteProcessMemory, CreateRemoteThread for injection, but if you (like me) need a little more expanation for all of the code and how it works together, then this coures will certainly help with that. 

However, if you are already familiar with several forms of injection as shown in something like fdiskyou's 'injectAllTheThings' github repo (linked below), then I would imagine that the Sektor7 intermediate malware development course may be a more appropriate starting place. If you need a reminder of the current popular injection methods, they are CreateRemoteThread, NtCreateThreadEx, QueueUserAPC, SetWindowsHookEx, RtlCreateUserThread, SetThreadContext, and Reflective Injection via manual mapping. On another note, another great resource for these is the YouTube channel 'Guided Hacking' as they have videos on shellcode injection using all of the methods listed above in addition to manually mapping DLLs. 

Having said that all of the course material is already available in several places, please don't let that keep you from trying the course if you are interested. While I did not use the provided VM (ova) from the course (I opted to use FLAREVM from FireEye in AWS) the material was well outlined to include compilation batch files that help with some of the pesky flags needed to compile everything properly. Perhaps I will write a quick blog later on about my AWS environment and how I use it for both reversing and development.

## Final Thoughts
Overall, this is a short blog post for a relatively short course. Give it a shot if it goes on sale!

## Links
[Sektor7's Red Team Operator: Malware Development Essentials Course](https://institute.sektor7.net/red-team-operator-malware-development-essentials)

[fdiskyou injectAllTheThings](https://github.com/fdiskyou/injectAllTheThings)

[Guided Hacking](https://www.youtube.com/user/L4DL4D2EUROPE)
